com/example/main_project_android/classes/Product.java
 com.example.main_project_android.classes.Product
com/example/main_project_android/databinding/ActivityBasketBinding.java
 com.example.main_project_android.databinding.ActivityBasketBinding
com/example/main_project_android/fragments/CatalogFragment.java
 com.example.main_project_android.fragments.CatalogFragment
com/example/main_project_android/classes/UserProfile.java
 com.example.main_project_android.classes.UserProfile
com/example/main_project_android/databinding/FragmentCatalogBinding.java
 com.example.main_project_android.databinding.FragmentCatalogBinding
com/example/main_project_android/classes/Buyer.java
 com.example.main_project_android.classes.Buyer
com/example/main_project_android/databinding/ActivityProductCatalogBinding.java
 com.example.main_project_android.databinding.ActivityProductCatalogBinding
com/example/main_project_android/classes/Basket.java
 com.example.main_project_android.classes.Basket
com/example/main_project_android/databinding/ActivityOrderBinding.java
 com.example.main_project_android.databinding.ActivityOrderBinding
com/example/main_project_android/ProductCatalogAdapter.java
 com.example.main_project_android.ProductCatalogAdapter
com/example/main_project_android/databinding/ActivityItemBasketBinding.java
 com.example.main_project_android.databinding.ActivityItemBasketBinding
com/example/main_project_android/fragments/BasketFragment.java
 com.example.main_project_android.fragments.BasketFragment
com/example/main_project_android/databinding/ActivityItemProductCatalogBinding.java
 com.example.main_project_android.databinding.ActivityItemProductCatalogBinding
com/example/main_project_android/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.main_project_android.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/main_project_android/BasketAdapter.java
 com.example.main_project_android.BasketAdapter
com/example/main_project_android/fragments/ProductFragment.java
 com.example.main_project_android.fragments.ProductFragment
com/example/main_project_android/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.main_project_android.BuildConfig
com/example/main_project_android/databinding/ActivityRegistrationBuyerBinding.java
 com.example.main_project_android.databinding.ActivityRegistrationBuyerBinding
com/example/main_project_android/databinding/FragmentBasketBinding.java
 com.example.main_project_android.databinding.FragmentBasketBinding
com/example/main_project_android/classes/Admin.java
 com.example.main_project_android.classes.Admin
com/example/main_project_android/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.main_project_android.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/main_project_android/classes/Wallet.java
 com.example.main_project_android.classes.Wallet
com/example/main_project_android/databinding/FragmentProductBinding.java
 com.example.main_project_android.databinding.FragmentProductBinding
com/example/main_project_android/classes/Refill.java
 com.example.main_project_android.classes.Refill
com/example/main_project_android/databinding/ActivityProductBinding.java
 com.example.main_project_android.databinding.ActivityProductBinding
com/example/main_project_android/OrderListAdapter.java
 com.example.main_project_android.OrderListAdapter
com/example/main_project_android/OrderList.java
 com.example.main_project_android.OrderList
com/example/main_project_android/OrderActivity.java
 com.example.main_project_android.OrderActivity
com/example/main_project_android/classes/Order.java
 com.example.main_project_android.classes.Order
com/example/main_project_android/databinding/ActivityUserProfileBinding.java
 com.example.main_project_android.databinding.ActivityUserProfileBinding
com/example/main_project_android/fragments/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.main_project_android.fragments.ProfileFragment
com/example/main_project_android/databinding/ActivityOrderListBinding.java
 com.example.main_project_android.databinding.ActivityOrderListBinding
com/example/main_project_android/classes/Catalog.java
 com.example.main_project_android.classes.Catalog
com/example/main_project_android/UserProfileActivity.java
 com.example.main_project_android.UserProfileActivity
com/example/main_project_android/BasketActivity.java
 com.example.main_project_android.BasketActivity
com/example/main_project_android/ProductActivity.java
 com.example.main_project_android.ProductActivity
com/example/main_project_android/MainActivity_ProductCatalog.java
 com.example.main_project_android.MainActivity_ProductCatalog
